[Payton] Previously
on Make It Or Break It:
[Kaylie] So, that's it?
You're just giving up?
- This divorce has
nothing to do with you.
- I am your daughter!
Your decision to end
your marriage should have
everything to do with me!
[Payton] I know something's
wrong with your health.
Just tell me the truth.
Something is wrong.
I don't know what it is,
and I'm scared, Pay.
Then we go to a doctor
together.
Who is that horrible woman?
It's Kelly Parker's
mana-monster.
Manager-slash-mother-
slash-monster.
You promised you were going
to take care of Kaylie,
and did you?
No, you couldn't.
I sacrificed everything
to make you a star.
I think I may have
to drop you as my client.
Mom, please!
Mom!
[up-tempo music plays]
* Light up the sky
Burn it up like a candle *
* When life gets hard...
[music distorts]
* All you need
is love and a boombox *
* To make this world rockin'
until the groove stops *
* Stayin' out late livin'
under the street lights *
* Workin' all night
You sleep in the free time *
* Savin' your bread till
the time that you need it *
* You want it so hard you can
see that we're bleedin' *
* We are young and we're free
* Only thing that we need
* Is a moment
to be good later on *
* We want to ignite
* Burn a hole in the sky
* You and I, we...
And I'll talk about the gymnasts
who came before you
and that you'll have
the chance to make history
just like they did.
And that'll end
the presentation, all right?
Kaylie, since Wendy had
to attend the TC seminar
for junior athletes
this weekend,
I've decided you'll be the one
to say something to the parents.
You'll be speaking for all
the girls, so make us proud.
I know you all are hoping
to impress your folks
this Sunday,
but the person you
better impress is me.
So keep your head in the game
and be ready to rehearse
the entire exhibition
at three tomorrow.
I expect your routines
to be perfect.
And don't forget
to tell the coordinator
how many guests you have
coming to the performance.
All right.
Hey.
What happened out there?
This routine is
way more artistic
than I'm used to.
I'm still struggling
with those tumbling moves.
Listen, even the most seasoned
gymnast can get intimidated
when they have to perform
for just the people
they're closest to.
Never been a problem for me.
Who do you have coming?
Um, I invited the foster parents
I lived with in Baltimore.
They're the only ones
I keep in contact with.
Hmm. How long
since you've seen them?
I don't know. Like,
seven... eight years.
Look, coach, um, I should
really get going, so see ya.
I can't believe your mom
was cool with you firing her
as your manager.
Things have been
pretty rocky since Worlds.
She must have seen it coming.
How long has it been
since your mom has
just been your mom?
I can't even remember.
I know she can be difficult,
but when she's not
all about business,
she's really not that bad.
This weekend could be
a whole new start for us.
I'm actually really excited.
So, how about your father?
What kind of relationship
do you have with him?
I see my dentist
more than I see my dad.
- Why? What happened?
- Just, after the divorce
my parents kept on fighting.
And I was just always
stuck in the middle.
[scoffs] Been there, done that.
In the beginning, I spent
every other weekend with my dad.
But the more time
that gymnastics took up,
the less I got to see him.
And then he got remarried.
His new wife had
kids of her own, so...
- You know how that goes.
- Hmm.
Well, I'll see you
back at the room.
OK, bye.
I hate that my dad can
only be here for a few hours
tomorrow night.
We're going to miss out on
so much valuable shopping time!
You know what would be
a much better use
of your valuable time?
Seeing a doctor!
News flash: I'm going to get
a complete physical,
just like I promised,
right after London.
I figured you would try
and play me, which is why
I made an appointment for you
- with the TC doctor.
- Here?!
He's just right
around the corner.
Noon tomorrow. Be there!
[scoffs]
Payson, please don't do this!
I can't stand by any longer
and let you risk your life.
There could be something
seriously wrong with you,
and you need
to deal with it now!
If the TC gets wind
of a health problem,
they'll pull me.
Come on. You of all people
should know how that works.
I swear I'll find a doctor.
It just has to be someone
on the outside.
OK, but if you don't have it
lined up by tomorrow,
I swear I will
personally drag you
into the TC doctor myself.
OK.
[crowd cheering]
Like I don't have
enough pressure to deal with?
Now I have to come up
with something fabulous
to say to the parents!
Feel free to borrow
any of my catchphrases.
I don't think,
"Yo, amigo, leggo my ego,"
is exactly what the coach
had in mind.
Hey, where's
your sense of humor?
Stressed out,
just like the rest of me.
Every minute I'm in that gym,
I'm being judged.
It's crazy-making.
And I hate that I don't have
Payson in my corner anymore.
- Come here.
- [mutters]
Tell me what's going on.
Ever since she found out
I knew it was Lauren
who sent the kiss cam picture
to the NGO, she's been
completely avoiding me.
You guys will get over it.
- I'm not so sure.
- OK, forget about all that.
Your parents
will be here this weekend.
That'll cheer you up.
Hardly. I'm gonna be playing
referee at dinner.
It's just more pressure.
My focus needs to be
on gymnastics,
not my parents' grudge match.
Well, how can I help?
Well, hmm...
Any interest
in going to dinner with us?
It might force them to be
on their best behavior.
- I'm in.
- Really?
I mean, I know my dad
hasn't been exactly
warm and fuzzy to you.
But you have.
And I want to be there for you,
whenever, whatever.
Oh, there he is!
The man, the legend!
Coach McIntire, it is so great
to finally meet you.
I'm Sheila Baboyon.
I'm Kelly Parker's mom.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes!
Boy, what a brilliant idea
to invite the parents
right before the exhibition.
You know, it gives the folks
whose daughters may not
be here in a week or two
a chance to see them perform.
That's nice.
That's not really the reason
for this weekend.
We're at the halfway point,
and I know some of the girls
are feeling homesick.
That is so true,
and it's so nice. Really.
- I know how much
I miss Kelly.
- Oh.
And she misses me.
I'm sorry.
You know, it's just
that we're extremely close
and it's been a couple of weeks.
You know? [sniffles]
Oh, God, I was so excited to
see her perform tomorrow and...
I just can't bear to tell her
I'm not gonna be here
to support her.
- [stammers] Wait.
Why aren't you staying?
- [Sheila sighs]
There's no room
at the inn... literally.
I mean, who knew
the Shriners were in town?
I tried every hotel, motel,
hostel... Everything's booked.
The coach invited you
to stay at his house?!
I know. Isn't it great?
I mean, you know, and I insisted
on making him a home cooked meal
to thank him
for his hospitality.
- You don't
even know how to cook.
- Mm.
And besides, it was supposed
to be just us at dinner tonight.
It will be just us, beauty.
It'll just be the three of us.
- Mom?
- What?
You're not my manager anymore!
I don't want to go
to a business dinner.
I have no intention of making
this a business dinner.
This man is in charge of you,
my angel, my precious baby.
This dinner is so I can
get to know him better
to make sure
that you are in good hands.
- OK?
- OK.
Now, go get your bag. I'm gonna
go buy you a dress for tonight.
Anything you want.
Something pretty. OK?
- OK.
- All right, baby.
Yes, this is Sheila Baboyon.
Mm-hm.
I wanna cancel
my room reservation for tonight.
Where did you get that?
Where you get everything?
The Internet. Duh.
Are you using this
to buy alcohol?
No! I got it because I thought
you had to be 18 to get Botox.
Tell me you didn't!
[exhales] I didn't.
The dermatologist
refused to give it to me.
He said, "Come back
in 20 years. Blah, blah."
But it's lucky I still have it.
If I use a fake ID and cash,
then there's no way
anyone here will find out
about my doctor's appointment.
OK, but then I want you
to dump this thing.
Yes, Officer Keeler.
Oh, and I found out that
the university medical center
takes walk-ins,
- so I figured we'd go
tomorrow after practice...
- No!
I said today, Lauren!
We'd have to change buses
three times to get
to the medical center.
And we'd never make it back
in time for rehearsal
this afternoon.
If we had a car,
it wouldn't take so long.
But we don't.
But we could...
if I borrow my dad's car.
Aren't you two supposed
to go to lunch together?
Plans change.
So good to see you.
Where's Kim?
The Rock team is
at a competition
in Fort Collins.
She's chaperoning.
I bet she's disappointed
not to see Payson.
She is.
I haven't told Payson,
you know, what we discussed,
so if you could just avoid
mentioning anything to Kaylie...
Of course.
I won't say anything.
She's a big girl now, Mark.
Yeah, that's what Kim
keeps telling me.
So, when do you plan
on telling her?
Today. We're having lunch.
- Daddy!
- Hi!
- [up-tempo music plays]
- [indistinct chattering]
Thank you so much for lending us
your car, Mr. Keeler.
You know, I had my heart set
on giving my dad a pair
of cuff links at dinner tonight,
and I haven't been able
to find anything locally.
But I promise I'll make it back
in time for a late lunch.
Good, because we have
a lot to talk about.
[people shouting, laughing]
Anyways, we gotta go, Pay.
Come on.
- Thank you.
- I'll meet you
at the dorms at 1:45.
Be careful.
* I wanna tell you there's
so much I still do not know *
[panting]
This stupid, old-school routine
requires so many dance elements.
I'm a power tumbler.
I don't even understand
what the point of making me
do this is.
Getting outside
your comfort zone
makes you a better gymnast.
Jordan, why'd you tell me
your foster parents were coming
in this weekend?
I checked the list.
You didn't reserve any seats
for the exhibition.
I never said they were coming.
I only said I invited them.
What difference does it make?
It makes a big difference
'cause now I know
you're free tonight.
You're coming
to my house for dinner.
KP's mother's cooking.
[scoffs] I don't need you
feeling sorry for me.
I don't. I was hoping
you'd feel sorry for me. Look...
...Annie's out of town,
and I'm not sure I can
handle Sheila on my own.
Well, maybe you need to get
outside your comfort zone.
I have physical therapy
scheduled for tonight, so...
I've, uh, had
a few dizzy spells,
passed out a couple of times.
- Other than that, I'm great.
- She blacked out
while she was...
Running across campus! I was
late for my history class, so...
And your relation to Rachel?
Oh! I'm her... partner.
Oh. No judgments here.
No, no, no!
We're not...
We... Sure, never mind,
whatever.
Do you ever notice any symptoms
before you get dizzy or faint?
Just this funny numbness
in my fingers.
Let's run some tests, Rachel.
Get to the bottom of this.
[monitor beeping]
Hey, I am so sorry, Dad.
I'm not gonna be able
to make it.
Are you sure you need to cancel?
Because I can wait.
Lauren's still looking
for the perfect cuff links.
And then we're gonna have to run
straight from here to rehearsal.
Well, we're still on
for dinner, right?
Oh, absolutely!
I'm making you your favorite.
We'll have plenty of time
to hang out and talk.
- Good. I'll see you later then.
- OK. Love you, Dad.
[sobbing]
So, Dr. Curtis says all I need
are some potassium supplements,
and I'm be good to go.
Really? That's it?
What a relief, huh?
Come on. We gotta go.
We've got just enough time
to make it back for practice.
[up-tempo music plays]
So, what're you making
for your dad?
- Chicken Parm.
- Oh, his fave. He'll love it.
Come on, Payson.
You've forgiven Lauren.
Why won't you forgive me?
You were my best friend, Kaylie.
I expected more from you.
- Can we please just go back
to the way things were?
- So much has changed.
Too much?
- [KP] Hey!
- Better go get those groceries.
When are your parents
getting you?
They're not. Austin is.
Austin's coming
to dinner with you?
Yeah.
Has Austin ever had dinner
with your parents before?
[chuckles] No. Why?
Because, the first time
your boyfriend has dinner
with your parents
- is like a mondo major deal!
- No, not in my world.
[scoffs] Hello?
It's like the next big step
in any serious relationship!
- I don't see it that way.
- I bet Austin does.
- You'd lose that bet.
- [knocking at door]
Coming!
I hope your mom likes roses.
[exhales sharply]
That's done. Put that there.
There. OK.
I thought you told the coach
you were making him
a home cooked meal?
Please, I want to impress him.
I don't want to poison him.
All right, do me a favor.
Take these empty containers.
Shove them, honey,
at the very bottom
of the garbage.
All the way. Shove them all
in there, all right?
This is gonna be great. Come on.
What's the matter? Smile.
This is a good night. I intend
to have your position
as team leader
sewn up before I serve
my homemade sweet potato pie.
- Why are you doing this?
- Why am I doing this?
Because the team captain
gets the most interviews,
which makes her
the most famous,
which lands her
the most lucrative endorsements.
- Can't you just be
my mother tonight?
- Your mother...
That's cra... What kind
of mother would I be
if I didn't try to ensure
my own beautiful, talented
daughter's future?
I'm doing this for you.
Now, check my teeth.
- You're good.
- OK, good.
- [door opens]
- Coach McIntire!
Ooh! Hello, Coach Mac, welcome.
You're just in time, huh?
Dinner is served.
I hope you like you
some soul food.
I do as long as you
have enough for four.
Look, Jordan, soul food.
[low-tempo music plays]
You should have cleared it
with me before you agreed
to let Kaylie drag along Austin.
Why do keep
repeating yourself?
Are you in love with the sound
of your own voice?
Only if it drowns out yours.
- [Kaylie] Hi.
- Oh, hi!
- [Alex] Hi, sweetie.
- Oh, thank you.
They're beautiful.
Hi.
- Alex, would you put those...
- Sure.
So, how was the drive down?
- Oh, lovely.
- We took separate cars.
Well, I am starved.
They don't feed us here.
My BMI is so low.
Lemonades for the kids,
a couple of vodka tonics for us.
No, I order
my own drinks now, Alex.
I'll have a martini, please.
Thank you.
[clears throat]
There's something I want to get
straight right off the bat.
Did you really promise
to hit a homer for that kid
in the hospital
before game seven
against Texas?
Yeah, I did.
That may be the coolest
baseball story I've ever heard.
What a shot! Over 400 feet
and right out of the park.
You practically hit it
all the way back
to the kid's hospital room.
That's exactly what I was
thinking when I stepped up
to the plate.
- No way.
- I just pictured that sweet kid
lying in his hospital bed
and thought, "I'm sending
this one back to you, pal."
And Williams hurls
that smokin' fastball.
I was in a zone.
It's like I knew right
where he was going to put it
- and boom...
- Goes the dynamite!
How did you know
about that story?
YouTube. They have
a whole series
of your greatest hits.
I've seen them all.
Wow.
And you're gonna love this.
All of the kids,
they just followed her
right to the sandbox.
I mean, since daycare,
she has had true
leadership ability. Really.
Grace under fire under the most
challenging of conditions.
What did that one teacher
call you? You know, the teacher
with the curly, red hair.
Oh! She said she was...
She says, "Kelly is
the queen of the Play-Doh."
[laughing] Just...
Like at eight years old.
She's just a leader,
you know what I'm say...
But in the gym, well... The gym
is where she really shines.
Kelly's a terrific gymnast.
[scoffs] Hear, hear to that!
Right, baby? Mm! Mm!
Uh, oh, coach,
I wish you
could've been there,
2008, when Kelly
brought home Junior Worlds.
It was one of the first
of many, many shining moments
- for my little star.
- That wasn't me.
- Yes, it was. Honey, it was.
- No, it was not. It was not.
- Well, if it wasn't you,
then who was it?
- [Jordan clears throat]
That would be my shining moment.
[McIntire clears throat]
You're right.
- And it is so sad how you've
struggled ever since.
- [Kelly] Mom.
- I don't see her
struggling in my gym.
- [Sheila] No?
[McIntire] All I see
is courage and maturity.
In fact, Jordan has
all the qualities
of a natural born leader.
You know, I don't think
there's ever been
another gymnastics golden couple
going into the Olympics.
[Alex] I'd like to jump
on this right away.
- Set up some interviews
for you two next week.
- We'd love that.
It's been a great evening,
but I have a really early...
And you should start thinking
about your career post-Olympics.
My sports marketing business
could always use a partner.
[Ronnie] You and Alex
would make a great team.
I always thought that might be
something I'd be good at.
We should talk more
about this some other time.
You're right.
How about we all meet up
after your exhibition tomorrow?
- Tomorrow?!
- Sounds good to me, Mr. Cruz.
Call me Alex, son.
The whole experience here
has been fantastic.
I've met
so many great people.
It's like a whole new world
has opened up for me.
- I can see that.
- I just wish that you got
to meet Rigo this weekend.
As soon as training ends,
he'll be in Boulder to visit me.
- And then everybody...
- Payson?
We need to talk.
I wondered why you were
so quiet through dinner.
You're mad at me for missing
our lunch, aren't you?
Not at all. It was
actually kind of a...
...a life lesson for me.
What do you mean?
Well, I realized, you know,
how independent you've become.
You're not
my little girl anymore.
Soon you'll be going
to the Olympics, then college.
Mom's already given me the birds
and the bees talk, Dad.
- No, that's not
what this is about.
- Whew.
It's time for the family
to make another big decision,
like we did when we moved
to Boulder for your training.
But this time we have
to consider what's best
for the family as a whole.
And we're thinking... we should
move back to Minnesota.
What? Why?
I have
a great job opportunity there,
and someone's actually
interested in buying the house.
What about Becca?
Does she wanna move?
Your sister knows
that she's probably
not gonna go on as an elite,
and she misses
her friends back home.
But The Rock. I'll need
to train before the Olympics!
Here's the good part.
I already talked to Ronnie.
And until you go to London,
you can stay
with your best friend.
Stay at Kaylie's house.
- Why did you do
all that at dinner?
- Do what?
[scoffs] I just wanted it
to be a low key night.
Instead it turned
into this huge thing
that spun out of control
like everything else in my life!
I was just making sure
everybody got along.
Isn't that
what I was there for?
You showed up wearing a suit!
It wasn't supposed to be
a suit kind of dinner.
What's next? You and my dad
are gonna plan our wedding?
Calm down. OK, I hear
what you're saying,
and I didn't mean
for dinner to devolve
into a merger meeting.
Really? Because everything
my dad said, you just went
along with.
- No one even stopped
to ask me what I thought.
- We didn't?
Look, I'm just going to tell
my parents to forget
about this whole
golden couple thing, OK?
I just... I need to remain
focused on why I'm here.
I know. You're right. I was
probably trying too hard.
It's just I know
how much your parents love you,
and I really want them
to like me.
Because I love you.
I misjudged Austin.
That's because you think
nobody's good enough
for your little girl.
- You see the way
he took her hand?
- Uh-huh.
He loves her.
You remember
when we were like that?
I remember.
Well, thanks
for walking me.
My pleasure.
What...
What are we doing?
I know, right?
It's not like we're
a couple of teenagers.
I'll say.
- He said he loved you?
- Mm-hm.
- How romantic!
- Well, not really.
I didn't say it back.
What? Why not? You do love him,
though, don't you?
Yeah... I... I think I do,
I just...
I couldn't say it.
Why not?
I don't know. Everything's
just changing so fast,
and I can't even
think straight and...
London has to be
my number one priority.
I can not let anybody stop me
from getting to the Olympics.
And I am not ready
to get married.
Um, whoa there, Princess Bride.
Austin just said he loved you.
He didn't propose marriage.
They're completely
different things.
It doesn't feel that way.
Well, OK, when you
told Carter you loved him,
did you think it meant you
two were headed down the aisle?
I... I never told
Carter I loved him.
Well, have you ever
said it to anyone?
- [humming]
- [door closes]
I got the girls to their dorms,
and I should be getting
to bed myself.
- Thanks for dinner, Sheila.
- Oh, you're welcome.
Hey, um, do you have a sec?
- Uh...
- Come on. Try my pie.
[sighs] Sure.
It's embarrassing,
but I'd kick myself
if I didn't confess I...
All through dinner,
I kept thinking to myself,
"That Coach McIntire...
I mean, not only talented,
but, I mean,
one really handsome
hunk of man."
- Listen, Sheila, I'm not...
- You have a gorgeous face,
and this is a face
a camera would love.
Oh, well... thank you.
You're welcome.
I mean, I know coaches
don't make a lot of dough
and careers are fleeting
and money is tight
for everybody.
But I could change
all of that for you
with the snap of my fingers.
I have such connections.
I could hook you up with
a very lucrative sponsorship.
- Really?
- Mm-hm. Yeah.
- I guess I hadn't given
that idea much thought.
- Oh, I have.
I mean, this is a big deal.
A deal that could make
all your money problems go away.
What do you mean?
Oh, well...
I mean, I know you
lost your nest egg
in the financial crisis.
And, I mean,
your Texas house is being
mortgaged to the rafters.
- I know that it's a struggle.
- Ah, we'll get by.
Yeah, but doesn't
your wife deserve more
than just getting by?
I mean, coach,
I'd like to help.
And all you have
to do is confirm
that my Kelly is
going to the Olympics
as the team captain.
It's simple quid pro quo.
There's nothing simple
about that.
Shh. You know what?
I don't want you
to answer now.
OK? I want you to think
about it, all right?
Sweet dreams, handsome.
- What's going on?
- Oh!
Have you...
seen my retainer?
You mean the one that's
right there on the nightstand?
I must be blind.
I've never seen you pray before.
I wasn't praying.
But you should.
Living with Kaylie
is gonna be way awkward.
I can't believe that my parents
decided to move without even
discussing it with me.
Haven't they put
you first long enough?
Maybe it's time they...
do what's best for them
for a change.
I never thought I'd hear
something like that coming out
of Lauren Tanner's mouth.
Maybe I'm
finally growing up.
Or maybe there's something else
going on with you?
[sighs]
I'm gonna go pick up
a few things at the store.
I'll meet you at the gym.
Hi, Dr. Curtis?
It's Rachel Martin.
I'm sorry to bother you
on your cell,
but... I was wondering
if there's any way
I could get you to explain
what's wrong with me
just one more time?
Last night was... amazing.
But it can't happen again.
I was thinking the same thing.
I was also thinking that...
...I'd really like us to try
to be better friends
than we were
when we were married.
I'd like that.
And so would Kaylie.
- [knocking at door]
- Are you expecting someone?
Room service.
No reason a couple of friends
can't have breakfast in bed.
- You order me eggs Benedict?
- Yeah, right,
with your cholesterol?
So, does this mean you guys
are getting back together?
No, we're not.
Last night happened because...
I don't know. We were happy
to see you and Austin together.
It brought back good memories.
I mean, we do still care
about each other.
The drinks didn't hurt.
Are you happy it happened?
I am. Much to our surprise,
it helped get us
to a better place.
OK, then why aren't you
back together?
Because we're just
not in love anymore.
I so don't understand
this whole love thing.
Well, your father and I
haven't exactly been
the best example of it.
It's just not like anything
I thought it would be.
When I was little,
I thought I'd grow up...
...fall in love
and get married...
...and everything
would be perfect.
Honey...
...I know you strive
for perfection every day
in the gym,
but most things in life
aren't perfect...
...especially love.
Sometimes you just gotta...
...have a leap of faith
and hope it all works out.
Maybe that's
what scares me.
It scares all of us.
Love can be messy
and confusing, unpredictable.
But love is life.
And if you miss out on love,
you missed out on
the best part of living.
I love you, Mom.
Oh, honey,
I love you, too.
[up-tempo music plays]
Well, right now Payson's
not even speaking to me.
I don't know, Kim.
I'm not sure now if we should
make the move.
Not if it's gonna
upset Payson like this.
Mm-hm. OK.
Love you.
- Hey, guys.
- Hi. How you doing?
- You excited?
- [sighs]
- You looking forward to this?
- [scoffs]
To be honest, I can't wait
to be done with it.
I'm ready to get back
to 21st century gymnastics.
You may think your routine
is obsolete, but it's
a part of your history.
- Mm.
- You have to know
where you've been
in order to know
where you're going.
Excuse me. Excuse me,
coming through here.
I don't... Sorry. Ow.
Hey, put your coats to the side.
Thank you so much.
Oh, God.
Is there a snack bar?
I don't know how you put up
with that woman last night.
Well, it was
for Kelly's sake.
Sheila's all she has.
We all need a support.
Since you don't have
anybody up there,
why don't you consider me
your support today?
- OK.
- But tomorrow I go right back
to being your hard-ass coach.
- [laughs] OK.
- All right.
- Sorry I'm late. That wrestler
cornered me again.
- Lauren, stop it.
I talked to Dr. Curtis.
She told me you have
an irregular heartbeat.
Just like a lot of other
perfectly healthy people
who are walking around,
going on with their lives.
You don't even know
what you have! The doctor
said only a cardiologist
will be able to make a diagnosis
and tell you how serious it is.
- Let's talk about this
after the exhibition.
- I can't let you go out there.
What if you black out again
in mid-air over the beam?
How could I live with myself
if you came crashing down
on your stupid little head?
I haven't had a dizzy spell
in over a week.
But there's
an audience out there
which means added stress!
Dr. Curtis said
increased stress can
mess with your heart!
I know you're doing this
because you care,
but I have given up
everything to get here.
I'm not about to let
something that might not
even happen stop me now.
My life, my call.
Not yours!
[McIntire] Places everyone!
[low-tempo music plays]
At the '72 Olympics, Olga Korbut
not only took home the gold,
she did more
to ease Cold War tensions
than all the politicians
and diplomats put together.
Olga's acrobatics
and open display of emotion
in this very routine
captivated the world.
- [applause]
- [exhales]
See? I'm fine.
This time.
[McIntire] Mary Lou Retton
almost missed her chance
for glory
due to a knee injury
that required surgery
just six weeks prior
to the '84 Olympics.
She recovered
just in time to compete
and became the first
American woman ever
to win gold in gymnastics.
Whoo!
[cheers, whistles]
That was perfect.
[Mac] In a sport where
shorter girls dominate,
Svetlana Khorkina was told
she was too tall
for artistic gymnastics.
She proved the naysayers wrong,
taking home the gold
in the Atlanta
and Sydney Olympics.
Nadia Comaneci worked hard
under an extremely grueling
Romanian training program.
She had to leave her family
and train in a strange city
where she knew no one.
But soon the entire world would
know who this 14-year-old was.
At the '76 Olympics, she became
the first gymnast in history
to score a perfect ten.
[applause]
Whoo!
And like those gymnasts
who came before them,
these girls have the potential
to make their own history
at the 2012 London Olympics.
[cheering]
Whoo!
We are grateful
for the opportunity
to honor the amazing gymnasts
who paved the way for us,
but nobody has worked harder
or sacrificed more to help us
realize our dreams than you...
...our parents.
You've made
all of this possible.
And for that,
we honor you.
Coach, coach, coach!
Coach, coach, coach, coach!
Coach, coach, coach,
coach! Whoo!
[Mark] You were terrific
out there.
[Payson] Everyone was
just amazing.
[Kaylie] Thank you.
[pop ballad plays]
Um, I'll be right back.
* Open up your heart
Hi.
Your call,
you sounded funny.
What's going on?
There's something
I should have told you
last night. [clears throat]
* Loneliness
will have its way *
I love you.
I love you,
I love you, I love you!
* I'm chasing out the lies
Chasing out the lies *
- Mom!
- Baby!
You were the best one.
You're always the best one.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
So, do you want to meet
some of the other girls?
Oh, honey, that would be
a waste of time.
Oh, OK, well, why don't we
just, um, go get some lunch?
There's a Tex-Mex place
I know you'll love.
I'm sorry, honey,
no can do.
Coach McIntire asked me
to meet him about business,
and then I should really
get on the road back home.
It's getting late.
- Whatever.
- Kelly, come on.
Don't be like that.
Come on, you have me all
to yourself for at least
a few minutes.
Come on. Let's do something fun.
* You know I'm broken, too
You know what? It's fine.
I should really be
with the other girls who don't
have mothers here either.
Kelly. Kell...
- Hey.
- Hey. You OK?
Yeah.
- Sheila?
- Oh, hey, handsome.
Let's go somewhere quiet,
and we'll iron out
the details of your arrangement.
- Ah, that's OK.
This'll just take a minute.
- OK.
Here's the deal:
Nobody'll ever buy a place
onto my Olympic Team.
[scoffs] I wasn't
trying to buy anything!
I was simply offering you a deal
that would benefit you.
Your proposition could have
destroyed Kelly's dream.
Most coaches would have
sent her packing the minute
you tried to bribe them.
- But I'm not going to do that.
- Time to get off
your high horse, McIntire.
You're not fooling anyone here.
You're not sending Kelly home
- because she is a star
and you need her.
- Listen, lady,
every one of these girls
is a star.
I'm keeping Kelly
'cause it wouldn't be fair
to penalize her because of you.
I think she's suffered enough...
having you for a mother.
Mm. Thanks for
the parenting advice, Montel.
But you did get
one thing right:
I do have a face
that the camera would love.
* You know I'm broken, too
Hi.
* I've fallen far
I lost my faith *
I've been thinking
about what you said last night.
And you're right.
My time at The Rock
is almost over,
and my life's
going to change.
You should move back home
to Minnesota and take that job.
You really are growing up,
aren't you?
I guess I am.
* Waiting for the light
to change *
One thing.
While I'm training
at The Rock,
I would really
rather stay with Lauren.
Lauren?
We've gotten really close.
She's my friend,
and she needs me...
...now more than ever.
I couldn't be prouder of
the young woman you've become.
It seemed like yesterday
you were learning to walk to me.
Before long,
you'll be walking away.
Don't think you're getting
rid of me that easy.
Come on. Let's go get
that lunch we missed yesterday.
Hm.
[exhales] You buying?
I'm not that grown up!
[chuckles]